gumball the new word in motion picture
entertainment a gumbo unforgettable
adventure and untamed Africa Africa
known for centuries as the white man's
graveyard yet into its belt and
mountains where the crew of actors and
technicians determined to return with
the motion picture difference unlike
anything ever brought to this screen
Clark Gable in his best role since Gone
with the Wind
Ava Gardner more beautiful and more
exciting than you've ever seen her Grace
Kelly
playing a part every woman secretly
understands the heat and fury of the
jungle tears the veneer of civilization
from these women one from the high life
of society the other from the nightlife
of New York no holds barred as they fall
in love with a man who lives or
adventure you can't be nicest people you
want to catch you how do you know maybe
you spoke too soon
I warn you I'm looking I'm searching I
really am I look will you've earned it
aloud
what would give her the right to say
things like that she saw us that day
when we walked up on the porch you must
forget that that it ever happened
it was just well it was nothing you want
me to forget it
that's why you changed your mind about
taking us on this trip plus the fact
that you're not in love with your you
mustn't say that you are stuck aren't
you once and for all jealous
shouldn't you examine your own emotions
in that light look don't worry about me
I could be pea green with jealousy and I
couldn't be hecht up any worse than I am
already
did you we want to worry about you know
this is no sir galahad who lost from a
fire this is a two-legged ball
constrictor Mogambo the story of a love
affair is adventuresome as the
surroundings in which it happens you
travel along Uncharted waterways on a
suspenseful Safari you venture across
the African felt alive with all manner
of wild beasts just as the animal
stampede in King Solomon's Mines created
a new high in screen thrills MDM girl
plucked it with a blood chilling
spectacle the Battle of the gorillas
photograph for the first time in French
Equatorial Africa